# decaffeinater
This thing is for people who just spend way too much time gaming when they should be utilizing time for more productive purposes. This app fixes that. Essentially, select the time, select the app, and use the app until decaffeinater automatically kills it, lol. Kinda hardcore but hehe.

Built with React and Electron, for those who want to know.

### No compatibility with Windows as of yet, you'll need to wait till 1.1, I guess.

## Installation (very buggy, will need to be re-installed after stable release)
### Windows
Binaries still need to be made, but they can be generated by setting up a development environment, then running ```npm run dist```. Once it's complete, you will find an installer in the dist folder.

### macOS
Read Windows above, same procedure.

### Linux
#### Using apt on Debian, Ubuntu, and their devriatives.
[Click here](https://github.com/ibujs/decaffeinater/releases) to go to the releases page, and download the .deb file from there. Install it.
#### Using rpm.
Set up a development environment, then run ```npm run dist --linux rpm```. Find the installer in the newly made dist folder.
#### Using a binary.
Needs instructions.

## Setting up a development environent.
Setting up a development environent requires Node.js. [Click here](https://nodejs.org/en/download/) to download the latest LTS version (Current also works though) of node.js for Windows and macOS, and [click here](https://nodejs.org/en/download/package-manager/) to install the newest version of node.js on most Linux distributions.

Next, download the code in this repository by [clicking here](https://github.com/ibujs/decaffeinater/archive/master.zip) and unzip it in a folder, or simply clone this repository.

Finally, open a terminal window in the folder where the app is located and execute the following commands (with an internet connection):
```
> npm install
> npm start
```
### Recommended development tools:
- [ ] Atom with linter-eslint package, or Visual Studio Code.
- [ ] Node.js v6/v7
- [ ] Yarn package manage instead of npm
- [ ] React development tools on Electron ([refer here](https://github.com/electron/electron/blob/master/docs/tutorial/devtools-extension.md))
